You deserve it.
I said I would let you bring it.
Lord Deer, I, I, I was really wrong, Huya Huya
I was wrong, I was really wrong.
This money not only buys your machine
It's enough to buy your factory
Don't worry, dry this thing before leaving
No one can bully my sister in this world
Ok ok ok
This scene is really interesting
Lu Yao, right?
I thought I was the god of the city
Since I met you
I'm a goddamn brother
Which dog pees here?
Master Shi, save me
Hahaha Factory Manager Fan
Didn't you say these things can be done?
Master Shi was originally
I want to send that woman to your bed
I didn't expect Lu Yao to call Master Tiger
You are so afraid of this Wang Laowu
I want to acquire this place
As a result, you got married
I want to sleep with this woman
You put a foot in the middle for me
how
Does your confidence come from this tiger king?